My old aunts would come and tease me at weddings, "Well Sarah? Do you think you’ll be next?" We’ve settled this quickly once I’ve started doing the same to them at funerals./
A doctor accidentally prescribes his patient a laxative instead of a coughing syrup. Three days later the patient comes for a check-up and the doctor asks: "Well? Are you still coughing?" The patient replies: "No. I’m afraid to."/
Little Red Riding Hood walks all alone through the deep dark wood. Suddenly she hears rustling in a thick bush. Cautiously she moves the branches aside and finds herself facing the big bad wolf."Oh, Big Bad Wolf, why do you have such huge red eyes?" "Go away! I'm crapping!"/
Doctor: "Do you do sports?" Patient: "Does sex count?" Doctor: "Yes." Patient: "Then no."/
Oh darling, since you’ve started dieting, you’ve become such a passionate kisser… What do you mean, passionate? I’m looking for food remains!/
I called a suicide hotline in Iraq. They got excited and asked if I could drive a truck./
Harry prays to God: Dear Lord, please make me win the lottery. The next day Harry begs the Lord again: Please make it so I win the lottery, Lord! The next day, Harry again prays: Please, please, dear Lord, make me win the lottery! Suddenly he hears a voice from above: Harry, would you kindly go and buy a lottery ticket./
Need cheering up? Start a fight with somebody when they have the hiccoughs!/
A woman comes home late in the night and goes quietly in the bedroom. To her surprise, she sees male and female feet peeking out from under the blanket. Shocked and raging, she gets her baseball bat and beats and beats until all movement stops. After that she goes into the living room and sees her husband laying on the sofa. He turns to her half asleep: "Oh, you're home, darling. I'm afraid we have to sleep here tonight, my parents came for a surprise visit."/
Me and my wife, we've decided that we don't want to have children. So anybody who wants one can leave us their phone number and address and we will bring you one./
What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs./
Police: "Open the door!" Man: "I don’t want any balls!" Police: "What? We don’t have balls!" Man: "I know."/
